ticdc: update interruption FAQs-EN (#6455)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

        2. Use the new task configuration file and add the `ignore-txn-start-ts` parameter to skip the transaction corresponding to the specified `start-ts`.
        3. Stop the old replication task via HTTP API. Execute `cdc cli changefeed create` to create a new task and specify the new task configuration file. Specify `checkpoint-ts` recorded in step 1 as the `start-ts` and start a new task to resume the replication.

> - In TiCDC v4.0.13 and earlier versions, the replication partition table may cause a replication interruption. 

Reviewer: LGTM

    - In this scenario, TiCDC saves the task information. Because TiCDC has set the service GC safepoint in PD, the data after the task checkpoint is not cleaned by TiKV GC within the valid period of `gc-ttl`.
    - Handling procedures:
        1. Pause the replication task through `cdc cli changefeed pause -c <changefeed-id>`. 
        2. Wait for about one munite and then resume the replication task through `cdc cli changefeed resume -c <changefeed-id>`.

### What should I do to handle the OOM that occurs after TiCDC is restarted after a task interruption?

- Update TiDB cluster and TiCDC cluster to their latest versions. The OOM problem has already been resolved in **v4.0.14 and later v4.0 versions, v5.0.2 and later v5.0 versions, and the newest versions**. 

- In above updated versions, you can enable the Unified Sorter to help you sort data in the disk when the system memory is insufficient. To enable this function, you can pass `--sort-engine=unified` to the `cdc cli` command when creating a replication task. For example:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
cdc cli changefeed update -c <changefeed-id> --sort-engine="unified" --pd=http://10.0.10.25:2379
```

> If you fail to update your cluster to above new versions, the Unified Sorter can still be enabled in **previous versions**. You can pass `--sort-engine=unified` and `--sort-dir=/path/to/sort_dir` to the `cdc cli` command when creating a replication task. For example:

Reviewer 2: See [active voice](https://developers.google.cn/style/voice?hl=en).

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
cdc cli changefeed update -c <changefeed-id> --sort-engine="unified" --sort-dir="/data/cdc/sort" --pd=http://10.0.10.25:2379
```

> **Note:**
>
> + Since v4.0.9, TiCDC supports the unified sorter engine.
> + TiCDC (the 4.0 version) does not support dynamically modifying the sorting engine yet. Make sure that the changefeed has stopped before modifying the sorter settings.

> > + `sort-dir` has different behaviors in different versions, please refer to [Compatibility notes for`sort-dir` and `data-dir`](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md#compatibility-notes-for-sort-dir-and-data-dir), and configures it with caution. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> + `sort-dir` has different behaviors in different versions. Refer to [compatibility notes for`sort-dir` and `data-dir`](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md#compatibility-notes-for-sort-dir-and-data-dir), and configure it with caution. 
```
Limit the use of *please*. See [style and tone](https://developers.google.cn/style/tone?hl=en#politeness).

> + Currently, the unified sorter is an experimental feature. When the number of tables is too large (>=100), the unified sorter might cause performance issues and affect replication throughput. Therefore, it is not recommended to use it in a production environment. Before you enable the unified sorter, make sure that the machine of each TiCDC node has enough disk capacity. If the total size of unprocessed data changes might exceed 1 TB, it is not recommend to use TiCDC for replication.

## What is `gc-ttl` in TiCDC?

> Since v4.0.0-rc.1, PD supports external services in setting the service-level GC safepoint. Any service can register and update its GC safepoint. PD ensures that the key-value data smaller than this GC safepoint is not cleaned by GC. Enabling this feature in TiCDC ensures that the data to be consumed by TiCDC is retained in TiKV without being cleaned by GC when the replication task is unavailable or interrupted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since v4.0.0-rc.1, PD supports external services in setting the service-level GC safepoint. Any service can register and update its GC safepoint. PD ensures that the key-value data later than this GC safepoint is not cleaned by GC. When the replication task is unavailable or interrupted, this feature ensures that the data to be consumed by TiCDC is retained in TiKV without being cleaned by GC.
```
I'm not sure `smaller` is the right word... @TomShawn WDYT?

Reviewer: I think "later" is more accurate. Because

- The Chinese is "晚于".
- The GC safepoint relates to time rather than data size.

> When starting the TiCDC server, you can specify the Time To Live (TTL) duration of GC safepoint through `gc-ttl`, which means the longest time that data is retained within the GC safepoint. This value is set by TiCDC in PD, which is 86,400 seconds by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When starting the TiCDC server, you can specify the Time To Live (TTL) duration of GC safepoint by configuring `gc-ttl`, which means the longest time that data is retained within the GC safepoint. This value is set by TiCDC in PD, which is 86,400 seconds by default.
```

`这个值的含义是当 TiCDC 服务全部挂掉后，由 TiCDC 在 PD 所设置的 GC safepoint 保存的最长时间` 
This sentence is confusing. @overvenus Could you please explain it?
